I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
On every slide, the first slide, I have quotes, and I know that you don't read them.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
And it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that has got 75% mortality.
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
Testing one, two.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
You heard Sam Harris there in December 2019.
I just recently listened to a podcast with Piper Stover in 2019, brought to my attention by my friend Mark Kulak.
And it looks like Piper Stover was absolutely in position to take advantage of
the changing IP landscape at the start of the pandemic, really uniquely positioned to be at an interesting place, and then spent a lot of her time messing with me and my family, including my wife, which I take very seriously.
I take all of this meddling very seriously.
And that's one of the reasons why this show is never ever going to stop.
So thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you in a couple minutes.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Hello ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I know I'm probably catching you right in the middle of your daily grind.
I'm catching you right in the middle of this hamster wheel, but don't forget that social media is another
much more malevolent, much more disastrous hamster wheel that our children are already captured by.
And so more than ever it's important for us to focus in the next few years, and I choose those words wisely, in the next few years we have to focus on getting ourselves, our families off of social media and start to establish a new way of communicating or maybe go back to an old way of communicating
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And if you're looking for us on YouTube, you can find us right now on the JC in the Woods channel because
The JC on a Bike channel got a strike for yesterday's stream, purportedly for the use of copyright material, but I think it's about other things.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you don't understand the trap you're in, you will die in it, because you don't understand why the cheese is free.
I hope that you see how important this message is and how unique it is on the internet.
There aren't very many people who are actually just streaming from their garage trying to get a real patriotic message that actually has relevance to a lot of other countries in the world because all of them are essentially in this same trap.
And that trap is based on bad biology.
That's why we call ourselves Gigaohm Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief that is derived from my former work.
The person that you're listening to right now is Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm chief biologist at Gigaohm Biological.
You can find my work as an academic on the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed.
I also find my work distorted in the substack Woodhouse 76.
That is written by a trader in Chicago by the name of Jessica Hockett in cooperation with a couple other people outside of the United States.
And those include Jonathan Engler and Nick Hudson.
And they all have arguments with fakes like Claire Craig.
and Pierre-Corey using my ideas, but in a very diluted sort of way.
Welcome to the show.
I'm friends with a bunch of people who don't seem to really remember that we're friends, and that's okay.
I don't really have a problem with that.
If you want to share the stream, please share stream.gigaohm.bio because there people can download the videos and watch them offline.
They can share them, they can make clips, they can do whatever they want.
and we're not tracking anybody, there's no algorithms and they're not gonna be subject to four ivermectin ads or something like that.
And I think it's really vital that we take control of our consciousness.
Even those little 10 second, one minute ads are something that's going to in the end, drain us of months or even years of our life if we don't start
really taking care of that garden.
So I think we've got a tremendous amount of work to do because we have to convince people to stop what they are addicted to doing.
We have to convince people to stop
playing the game of social media and participating in that show because it's like a dinner theater.
You're going to medieval times and people are jousting in front of you and the food is being passed out and you yelling, you know, cheering for the certain night is not actually affecting the show at all, but you're being encouraged to do it because
because it's fun.
And, and I think if you have any doubts at all, the place to start is with an explanation for what actually happened.
And so there has to be an underlying phenomenon, there has to be an underlying biological explanation for what happened.
And I think the most parsimonious one, and quite frankly, the most enticing one, is one where a group of technocrats, a group of ruling elite, have seen an opportunity coming for quite some time in the population pyramid and took advantage of it, sculpted this expected rise in all-cause mortality, because we had an excess number of old people,
and sculpted it using murder and lies to create the illusion of a pandemic.
And the McKinsey Global Institute put out a 2025 report that I think really backs up that idea.
Unfortunately, it doesn't contain the
the previous year's data, it's like a current statement about what's happening, but we can find that data on the internet and we can see very clearly if we start the timeline in 1990, we can see this bump on both sides of the male and female side of the pyramid that is predictably going to result in more people up here.
in a few years and those more people up here in the American system and in the UK system and the Canadian system will all cost a lot of money.
There's a lot of Medicare here, there's a lot of retired people here that stop putting money into the system and start putting money out and more importantly a lot of those people
I'm going to put myself on screen a little earlier than planned.
Those people, let me go back a slide just to say this again.
If we started at 1990 and we play it forward, one of the things that you should be able to see very clearly here is that not only are these citizens
the baby boomers, if you will, a large group and a large age group that as they age out is going to change the dynamics of the healthcare system, change the load on the system of social security and on Medicare, the budget's gonna change.
And people like Ted Turner have been talking about this for years and people around the world have been seeing it coming in Western societies because across the greater Western culture,
that agrees that English is at least a second language, that first world, those first world nations all have this bump where after World War II, everybody had a lot of kids.
And that was universally, almost universally sculpted out after World War II as part of this same initiative that resulted in the one child policy in China.
And so this initiative in the 50s to reduce population size has its consequences here underneath the baby boomer group, but it also has its consequences around the world.
And some of those consequences around the world were much worse than they are in the United States.
A lot of places in Europe, this effect is much worse than the population pyramid actually tapers off here at the bottom.
And that's a tremendous danger for those economies and those societies.
And they all obviously know this.
That's why there is a McKinsey report.
That's why there's a McKinsey report back here.
that was issued in 2025, because the consequences of this are gonna be huge.
There aren't ever gonna be as many college kids as there are right now.
Ooh, interesting opportunity for who?
In other words, think about the fact that in 10 years, there won't be as many college kids going to college and available for, let's say, a testing mandate.
it might be as many as 10% less or even 20% less in some places.
So imagine that for a second, that you can see that coming with all this grant money pouring in for students, with all these grants pouring in for poor kids or for all these programs where money moves around.
that funds these huge bureaucracies at these universities that include deans and provosts and associate deans and associate provosts and all this other shit.
All of these people with, you know, six-figure salaries working cush jobs at a university where most of their time is spent
I was almost thinking I was looking at the wrong camera for a second, that most of the time is spent in meetings about, you know, how we can improve, I guess, the life of college kids or something.
I mean, it's remarkable where we are.
America has been driven right into a hole.
It's like we had this really nice camper and we're going camping and then they got everybody looking out the back window while they drove us right into a giant brick wall or the side of a mountain.
And now we're all trying to wake up from getting driven into a mountain and they're all telling us, oh yeah, I mean, it wasn't our fault.
There was a deer and there was this and that and the other.
And we just tried to do our best and we ended up running it right into a wall.
Holy shit.
It's a complete loss.
There's nothing left.
I mean, you can pull some of your stuff out of the camper, but basically it's a total loss.
That's where we are right now.
And it frightens me a lot to think that
unless we learn this biology and the root of the mythology, the population pyramid, if we don't learn it and understand how 500,000 opioid deaths cannot be discounted in light of this observation here, that together, those two phenomenon alone are an opportunity to wipe out at least 80 or 90% of whatever numerical narrative they've told us.
It's all an illusion.
And the rest can be explained by murderous protocols.
That is absolutely true.
And so if you have this opportunity in coming, something clicked out there.
Sorry about that.
If you have this opportunity in coming and you organize yourself around it, you even could, they knew this was coming.
Look at the time.
They knew this was coming before SARS.
What I'm suggesting to you is, is that a national security state with the priorities and long-term goals of the Human Genome Project laid out over decades, yes, over decades, one of the places they would need to get is ready for this opportunity.
because look what's coming up here.
Not only do we have more old people than we're ever going to have again for a long time, which means we could tell a great big story about how packed the hospitals are or how all these people are dying with very little effort, but also
we have the largest college age population that's ever going to exist in America again right there it's on the screen you can see it's 2012 it's not like you can't tell that this is going to go down if these people don't have kids soon and so by by
allowing and that's what Brett Weinstein and and Steve Kirsch and Naomi Wolf and all of these other fakes did.
They allowed
college kids to be thrown back into university, to be subject to weekly testing and to all of these rituals of masking and whatever that made them all unequivocally accept the existence of the novel virus.
That it was in danger to their grandparents, that maybe even wearing woodshop goggles and bandanas would be better than nothing.
And so speaking up now is already too late.
We lost the chance to save any of these college kids from the PSYOP, from being ritually inducted into this world where gain of function viruses are real or otherwise, I wouldn't have been wearing masks in my calculus class.
I wouldn't have had to not go to grandma's house.
I remember it all very clearly.
There's no way you're gonna be able to convince me that there was no virus.
Otherwise, why would my college have done what it did?
Why would have I had to take all those tests?
What's going on?
What do you mean?
You see, they're trapped in a very malevolent place because not only do they think that some of their grandparents really died from COVID, but they also think that their universities took all kinds of real measures.
At the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, in the men's bathroom, they actually put plastic over one of the urinals
and two of the toilets and one of the sinks, which essentially made it so that everybody was either peeing or pooping or washing their hands in the exact same place.
And they thought that was social distancing because that meant that only one or two people could really be in the bathroom at the same time.
And if you pointed that out to a faculty member or in a faculty meeting, you were asked to leave and they called security.
And so this is the kind of lemming effect that we are dealing with and still dealing with now and what you need to see that on social media was completely orchestrated.
Because before I found myself trying to find the truth on the internet, I was standing up at the University of Pittsburgh to tell them that transfection cannot qualify as immunization no matter what Bill Gates says on the PBS NewsHour.
And for the love of goodness,
Why are you covering half of the apparatuses in the bathroom?
That means we're all sitting on the same toilet.
What kind of university is this?
And the reason why it works is because they had a team of performers with costumes and effects all on the same script in place before this ever started.
So that social media was not a danger, it was a tool.
Social media was never a danger to the pandemic narrative.
The social media was absolutely essential for it.
And once you start to think of it that way, you will see why I'm so adamant about we got to get the fricking kids off of it completely.
There is no mystery to be solved there.
There are no truths to be learned there.
There is only, only experimentation, only data collection, and only malevolent manipulation.
That's it.
Sorry, I gotta keep forgetting I have to click over here.
And so you can see it coming because they saw it coming.
And so I really feel as though this is important.
Just try to think of not one of these guys, but hundreds of them all with a slightly different explanation for what they were doing, all with a slightly different strategy.
You know, some of them chalk their hands and are wearing shorts.
Others of them are wearing armor and knee pads and, and skidding along the floor with the train, whatever it is.
Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland, they're all part of this same fake health freedom movement.
Actors were put in place and linked up to each other in their fake histories.
And then as they came together during COVID, they came together in a very orchestrated way with the desire and the design to always make sure that the sculpting of this population pyramid using murder and sophisticated lies would never be really taken seriously.
Now there is one small hope, right?
When we have a list like this.
The supplementary oxygen has a whole chapters in critical medicine textbooks about supplementary oxygen used willy nilly is so ridiculously dangerous.
There are monkey experiments about it where 80% oxygen is already sufficient to cause acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Then we have ventilators, we have lack of antibiotic use, which actually killed my father-in-law.
We have all kinds of other things.
Maybe remdesivir actually killed some people.
That's very, very possible.
But more than likely, when they went to the hospital and were given supplementary oxygen, that's what led to the progression of symptoms.
Maybe the pain in their lungs that resulted in, wow, I guess it's COVID.
Maybe we should give you remdesivir or any of the other treatments, including a ventilator to make sure that it doesn't spread to anybody else.
Opioid deaths were allowed to go ape shit and then I guess they're kind of blaming it on China But I don't I don't really have any I don't Look
this list right here, it's possible right now that Grace's dad is about to break through and get some notice about the fact that the protocols were murder.
And if the protocols were murder, that means that hospitals and doctors and hospital administrators that just went along with the protocols are murderers.
Now,
I have every hope that Grace's dad is going to be successful and his success will lead to him being able to then help this bigger message of this sabotage of the American Republic.
This sabotage will get out.
I'm not super optimistic, but I'm hopeful.
And this interview with this lady talks about a lot of things, DNR orders.
silencing families, keeping lawyers from doing anything.
But we're not specifically talking about oxygen yet, and we're not listing a lot of other things which would be very specific for a lot of other cases.
And so it's fine, but I just want you to be aware that this is happening.
I'm paying attention to it, I'm not missing it.
So yeah, we have this, you know, sculpted using murder and lies.
And I think that with the help of Mark Kulak, I'm really starting to, I'm really starting to become a little worried that, you know, it's a, we're not, how can we be wrong at this point?
How can we be wrong about all of these people and their connections at this point?
The, the number of, of,
The number of coincidences that you need to accept in order to accept that this assembly of people, and some of which who are not on the screen, like Mary Holland or who else is not on this screen.
I mean, there's a lot of people that are, Brian Hooker is not on this screen.
It's impossible to explain their role on social media.
In fact, if you take away these people's presence on X or Twitter and their presence on any other, if you just take that away, there is essentially no useful resistance to the pandemic narrative and nobody speaks out about anything.
That's how it seems on social media and that's by design.
It's not because these just happen to be the people that rose through the ranks of the very discerning and unforgiving internet audience.
That's not the way it works at all.
These people are essentially paid by Substack and X.
directly from the very beginning and probably recruited by Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan.
I don't think that Jessica Rose is necessarily a big brain at the table, but Jessica Rose was in very early.
Jessica Rose helped to bring Peter McCullough in.
I think probably Robert Malone directly brought in
Pierre Cory because he did a famote Dean trial with some son of a former Indian Prime Minister in Beloit, Wisconsin where Pierre Cory was so I think it's or at least close to so I think it's possible that like he was basically Responsible for working Cory and then Cory has been responsible for keeping Merrick quiet because I think I
I can't remember his first name off the top of my head.
Paul Merrick is actually a really good doctor and he has some really good ideas and he needed to be essentially put in a corner and made to feel like he was being heard.
And that's what Corey did.
That's what they all did to him.
And I think that's what Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
basically did to Brian Hooker and would have done to Brandi Vaughn had Brandi Vaughn probably gone along with it or something like that, but she didn't.
And so she was killed.
I don't know who killed her.
I don't know if it was Merck or whoever.
or somebody else, but you know, they all are tied together.
I mean, essentially the useless resistance to the vaccine schedule that has been put up by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
with Merrill Nass and Mary Holland and Robert Malone behind him as his advisors.
And I guess Tony Lyons of Skyhorse Publishing, his main campaign advisor.
And I guess Del Bigtree is, you know, a campaign manager.
I mean,
It's preposterous at this point to think that this is some kind of spontaneous assembly of patriots.
This is a, I don't know if it's legit to call it a private intelligence operation, or if it's a national intelligence operation.
I tend to believe it might be loosely attached to the government through a couple, three of these people, but it's also feels very NATO-ish because the
the pseudo degrees, five degrees of Jessica Rose and this lady, the 100,000 Genomes Project coordinator or chief pathologist.
It's very unlikely that all of these people are involved spontaneously, especially those two.
These two were on the Corman-Jorston report.
that tied together a lot of these resistance actors in a single voice and kind of, it roped in Thomas Binder, it roped in Mike Yeadon.
And so you can imagine a scenario where at the very, very beginning, they identified the most dangerous outspoken people and then sent Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig to round them all up.
and get them to write this pseudo paper about the PCR test, and that paper pretty much represents the start of this controlled opposition picture.
And even though I think Mike Eden is a convincing guy, his
Pretty lame acquiescence to some of the minor players that are obviously meddlers, like Sasha Latapova, signify to me that he's probably a meddler, or at least completely under their control.
I think the last time he wrote a substack, he addressed me as JJ.
didn't provide any links, and just kind of whined about the fact that I had him in the top row of this photograph.
But of course, to understand what this photograph means, I've said it many times, not all of these people have to understand.
Some of them have decided not to care.
Some of them have decided to take a contract and look the other way.
And some of them are truly in on it.
And it only takes a few of them to be truly in on it for the rest of them to feel comfortable going along with it.
Because it's an illusion of consensus.
And that illusion of consensus hasn't just been developed on social media for a lot of these people.
It's been developed on world trips.
It's been developed in Finland in a hot tub or at Bobby Kennedy's inauguration.
There are real events and real meetups.
Some of these people were off the coast of Turkey in 2022 on a cruise with Robert Malone.
Think about that.
Anybody that was on a cruise ship with Robert Malone off the coast of Turkey in 2022 should not be on a list of heroes.
They should be on a list of extreme suspects.
And yet many of these people were on that boat.
Think about that.
And I, being a guy who was really trying my hardest ever since I lost my career at the University of Pittsburgh to figure out what the hell is happening here, I...
learned about this stuff in real time and then thought, wow, okay, they're going to come back from this boat and it's going to be great.
I gave them questions for, for Malone.
And so they're going to take these questions for Malone.
They have a whole week with him.
They're going to ask him, it's going to be fine.
And those people came back from that boat and told me, nah, Malone is a good guy.
We saw him and Jill fighting for a whole week.
So they can't be fake.
That's not a, I'm not making that up.
That's a real story that none other than Nick Hudson told me, because Nick Hudson was one of the guys on that boat.
You know, Nick Hudson, the guy whose organization, Panda, I presented to three times in 2022, and all of those videos are gone.
It's really bad.
And unfortunately, I'm one of the few people who's seen this alien so close.
It's not a fun place for me to be.
But we have to get off of social media because that's how I got played.
That's why I couldn't save my friend Nate.
That's why I couldn't save my friend Annie.
It's why I didn't save my father-in-law.
because at the time I just couldn't process what was going on.
And the illusion of consensus around the world on social media was that something very serious biologically was happening, some new phenomenon.
And that was only possible because of social media.
The existence of this man is only possible because of social media.
He only exists on social media.
The amount of hours that he put out to try and get me to pay attention to him only exists on social media and can only be explained by pure malevolence.
The fact that in 2020, in March, with an associate of George Webb, he was saying it could be a worst case scenario of 7 billion people.
A billion people gonna die and the knock-on effects could be 7 billion more.
In 2024 with Matt Crawford and Charles Rixey, he was also saying worst case scenario.
Then in 2025, he's on a couple VSRF podcasts with Steve Kirsch and Kevin McKernan, and this guy, who's just recently being pulled off the bench, I think because we basically made Kevin McCairn useless.
His unblemished track record of jackassery on Rumble makes him basically useless to this narrative, which was one of the reasons why I was absolutely shocked when I saw that this February 13th podcast was happening.
I was even more shocked when the April 24th podcast, the second time he was on.
Because this is an extraordinary amount of arrogance given the fact that I have
hours and hours of this guy using words like kike and nigger and retard to refer to and People that support me that people that went and did the virus and and this is a monster monkey boy
a complete internet clown.
And now, one of the premier spreaders of misinformation on X, Steve Kirsch, has twice given him a platform on his Skoll Foundation funded podcast that's ironically called the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Stop lying!
And so the United States is currently under the spell of a team of performers.
And it doesn't matter if you're thinking about people on the left who hate Donald Trump, or whether you think it's people on the conservative right who think that Donald Trump, despite his many faults, might generally be a good intended guy, you know, the art of the deal and shit like that.
We are in trouble.
It doesn't matter if they're unwitting on the left.
It doesn't matter if they're more lost than we are.
How much more lost can you be if you think that some of these people on the screen, some of these people on Rumble are good?
How much more lost can you be?
I think there's only one explanation for why
Brian Hooker did not use the word autism in 2013, but uses the word autism now.
And that is because he decided to hold off because maybe Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would get to be president or vice president, like, you know, predicted in a 2008 Skyhorse publishing book.
It certainly wasn't because, you know, Brandy Vaughn is a great hero.
because Brian Hooker doesn't mention Brandy Vaughn, just like this trader doesn't mention Brandy Vaughn.
You know, this trader has had a book in 2013, but hasn't been able to hone her message even one iota.
She still refers to the same figures and still refers to the same ideas in her 2013 book.
She hasn't gotten any farther in figuring out exactly what is it about the vaccine schedule that doesn't quite work.
I can't really figure it out, it's tough.
It might be the adjuvants or you know, it might be the, it's just so tricky.
Maybe it's because we give too many on one day or we gave them when they're infected.
You know, it couldn't be anything to do with ranking things in order of biological, you know, I don't know, danger or anything like that.
No, no, it's just a mystery.
We're never gonna figure, it could be genetic too, you know?
I mean, it's really hard to tell.
It's really hard to tell whether these people are serious or not.
I mean, are they for votes?
Are they for exposure?
You know, like, oh, I saw you on those billboards.
I wanna give you an acting job in EastEnders.
Or is it about votes, and are votes very valuable in the United States?
Is getting to the White House or the HHS Secretary valuable?
Or is controlling
The effective opposition to a national security operation, important.
Important enough to, I don't know, import a bunch of people from the UK years before and put them in place.
Set up a couple non-profits, make a couple movies, put some movie producers in place.
So that at the start of the pandemic, you got a whole infrastructure of monkeys that can go and make banging pans together important.
and build a big top tent of health freedom that would get nobody nowhere, but would sell a lot of t-shirts.
I mean, you can see it so clearly.
What is that?
That's not a pandemic.
That's murder.
The red is pneumonia.
These are the CDC's own frickin' numbers.
They just stopped treating pneumonia with antibiotics and at least 50% of the signal is explained.
Now you add in death certificate fraud, you add in supplementary oxygen called COVID, you add in fake PCR tests, you add in, it's very easy to explain what they did.
And when you see the all cause mortality in dark red, there's not even that much to explain.
Especially if you think about the possibility that that same national security state might've put out a little, you know, confidential priority letter here.
Don't, don't,
You don't let old people die if you don't have to.
Keep treating them.
And then here we're going to change that for a little while.
I think that this is the victim of one of the longest running intelligence operations in the history of the earth.
I think he is a victim of the longest intelligence operation in the history of the Earth.
I think this intelligence operation is directly or indirectly connected to the Human Genome Project in the sense of, in the multi-decade plan of the Human Genome Project, a national security priority larger than that
of the Manhattan Project, and much more in time horizon and in scope, understood that there would be a series.
When the Human Genome Project was announced as finished, like we watched it yesterday, when it was announced as finished, it was a map.
It was a landmark map.
It was a survey map.
It was not a inch by inch, meter by meter, survey, three-dimensional map, you know, that you could scroll in and out of and zoom in and out of like some kind of Google Earth.
And we need to understand that.
They understood, okay, this is the size of the task.
And now, after they adequately, or in their minds, adequately measured the size of the task, they could understand
We're going to need robotics.
We're going to need computer storage.
We're going to need machine learning algorithms.
And we're going to need all of that stuff before we start collecting.
And we're going to need all of that stuff before when?
Before the population pyramid, which is almost ready to invert, starts to invert.
Because then there won't be a society, really, from which to collect this data.
And there, more importantly, won't be the opportunity to lay down the mythology
that when the population pyramid does change, that will already be accepted by whatever scraps are left in these countries.
So they've seen this coming.
I know it's kind of hard to feel it the way that I feel it because you haven't been so immersed in it for as much as I have been, but this is such a parsimonious explanation and it is supported by virtually every observation we've tried to make to the contrary.
It is supported by every single one of the people in this narrative.
It cannot be by accident that both Steve Bannon and Aaron Seery are former Goldman Sachs lawyers and IP experts.
It cannot be for nothing that the IP expert Robert Malone, the IP expert and robotics expert from the Human Genome Project, are involved in CHD.
involved in controlling the narrative about an mRNA that he supposedly took, but also knew was toxic from the beginning.
The only reason why he took it, apparently, if I can sort it out right, is because Peter Cullis lied to him about the profile and the biodistribution of this lipid nanoparticle.
But again, remember, this is supposed to be one of the most smart, read-in guys on the whole technology of transfection and transformation.
It was the primary thing that he was an expert on on his resume before the pandemic.
This is a guy who already should have done known better, just like I thought I did when I spoke up in 2020 at a University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine faculty meeting about, wait a minute, guys, you use transfection in every one of your laboratories.
There is no
There is no form of this treatment that could qualify as a vaccine.
And at that time, I thought vaccines were something that you, you know, put inside of you and the chemicals were to attract the immune system and then the immune system did whatever it was supposed to do with the dead virus.
That's, I thought that, and I still knew enough to know
because of my professional experience with using transfection in mice and monkeys, that you would never do this to healthy people.
That doesn't really make sense.
There's gotta be something else going on here.
And I don't trust Bill Gates.
And people, please, come on, think about this.
This can't be real.
I didn't understand it all.
That was five years ago, almost six.
Think about that.
It was more than three years ago that this guy called me in my front lawn and I dropped to my knees in the mud thinking that, oh my gosh, we're gonna win.
It was almost four years ago that Brett Weinstein called me as a result of Piper Stover hooking us up and then Brett Weinstein held me on a string and I told him almost everything that I could have about this, including
including in 2021, I already told him that transfection would result in a bouquet, possibly endless list of possible autoimmunity, depending on where the lipid nanoparticle ends up going, because it can go anywhere, and therefore can produce any combination of autoimmunities.
Maybe we've never even thought of these.
And secondly, most importantly,
is that I said that they were gonna blame the selection of the spike protein for the failure of the transfection rather than the methodology itself.
I told that to Brett Weinstein and his wife and Chris Martinson and Alexandros Marinos and Matt Crawford and Jumi Kim, all in the same signal chat in 2021.
That's all I can say.
And I still have the signal chat.
The signal chat is permanently stored in screenshots and it's still present on my phone.
Nobody's delete, can't delete them.
You can set the messages to disappear, but those messages weren't set to disappear, so they don't disappear.
I mean, these are not disputed things.
It's just a question of whether they had principles or not, and they didn't because they were playing along.
It could even be that they themselves were unaware of the narrative they were being dragged along to play.
It could be that they were sent and working with me to find out exactly what I knew, the same way that Piper Stover probably did it when she encouraged me to write that review to see if they could get me on narrative about the transfection making the virus mutate, like Marek's disease does in chickens.
Yes, I told that story for a year and a half, and that's part of the reason why I couldn't save my friend Nathan and any of the other people that I love that died from this stupid shot, which is a transfection.
And I still believe that if any of these people had told you it was a transfection, and that we use transfection all the time in the academic setting, from transfecting cells, to transfecting mice, to transfecting monkeys, and under none of those circumstances do we expect the monkey or the mouse to live a long, healthy life after we've altered them with transfection, but instead, these are all acute experiments.
Terminal experiments then you would have never thought to give this to your beloved grandmother to save her from something that They didn't even justify existed except for course with the high-fidelity still accepted diagnostic of PCR which Brett and Kevin and Bobby and Bobby have never bothered to question and
Because that is one of the pillars of their newly established remnant stream that they needed to establish, that they knew would be useless to establish in 2000 or 2005.
Why would they establish that then when it was still very expensive to sequence everybody?
to the sequencing was very unreliable and extremely erroneous and variable back in 2005.
So they didn't have the sequencing technology at a high enough fidelity and they also didn't have it at a sort of a cost level that would be
They could never have sequenced the whole population.
They could never have sequenced all of the samples from Ohio State, for example, without the technologies that they have now.
And so there would have been no reason to have a pandemic in 2005 where they shut down the world and established this narrative of a PCR diagnostic when there's no place for the remnants to go.
We don't have the infrastructure, we don't have the equipment, we don't have the technology to do the sequencing on that scale anyway.
So over time, once they realized in 2000 or 2002, whenever Clinton announced it, what the scale of the problem was, then they had a whole list of things that they had to establish before they could pull something like a pandemic narrative where everybody would lock down and start to regularly submit to testing that could be funneled into a sequencing remnant stream and stored on databases that have to be somewhere
You can't just have all this data and then have it on hard drives loosely distributed on pharmacies around.
I mean, that's not how this works.
And the Human Genome Project, when it was announced, done.
That's one of the primary things this was.
And so that's who these people are.
Mary Talley Bowden is probably an unwitting participant in their show, but these agents are all operating to make sure that you never see this.
That guy, come on.
That's the reason why when we look at a stream with him at his swimming pool, one of the first things that he's gonna cite, and only people that he cites are all people, this scripted bullshit, and the people that scripted it.
He cites Robert Malone, Kevin McKernan, some clown in the UK that we know was recruited by Robert Malone, and he thought for a while he was gonna be the new Joe Rogan of the UK for shit's sake.
and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
So it's all, you just have to imagine that the Human Genome Project is a national security priority, a competition with other big countries around the world to build the infrastructure required to store the data, develop the technology required to acquire the data, develop the machine learning algorithms to digest the data,
that that multi-year, multi-decade plan would also include establishing social media that would allow effective control of a narrative around the world.
And it would also involve putting somebody in place that could effectively bring in this change.
and bring the majority of cats along with.
And so for a while, I think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was played very easily because he was down with environmentalism, and environmentalism was a very nice niche thing for him to build his resume.
But at some point in time, they needed him to wrangle a few more cats, and those cats included these moms who have had this experience where they think that
intramuscular injection, i.e.
vaccines, have caused some damage to their child.
And he says it himself, he reluctantly took this on.
But if you were always a national security operation, and you always knew you were being set up to play a role
in a multi-decade long human genome project operation, competition with China, competition with Russia, competition with India, maybe cooperation with India, that then when somebody says to you, well, we need you to do this, then you kind of just do it, right?
We're gonna give you a couple people to help you.
One is Merrill Nass, one is Mary Holland, and behind them will be a guy by the name of Robert Malone,
and Kevin McKernan.
And over time, we have gotten right here, right now, where the pandemic narrative has resulted in a massive shift in who is running what and who is doing what, and we don't know anymore what's going on, but an extraordinary number of foreigners are now in place in America.
There's a foreigner at USAID, a foreigner at the Rocky Mountain Laboratories, foreigners at DITRA.
There are foreigners at the FDA.
There are foreigners at NIH.
And there's one of the probably absolutely
worst examples of an intelligence operation at the head of the HHS.
It's not good.
And the reason why it's so bad is because this has been a plan for a very long time.
They are under the spell of bad biology.
This idea that because we found DNA, evolution obviously happens.
And not only does it happen, but we can safely assume
that we are all descended from a single, common, single-celled ancestor.
And that assumption means that you need to surrender to that process, accept that you are the result of your genes, and accept that you are but a speck in a long, almost infinitesimal time horizon compared to what you are.
instead of thinking about your limited time on earth as an opportunity to plant trees under whose shade you will never shelter, and to create things that will benefit generations to come.
They want you to think that your time on earth is useless, your ability to contribute to future generations pointless.
so that you essentially give up your responsibility over your own choices, you do what you're told, you accept the narrative on social media, which is a military program control suite, and you accept evolution because DNA.
And therefore, we need to make the idea that this
public health thing is real, that these technologies are real, artificial life, and you know, this is all nonsense.
It's all nonsense and exaggeration.
A lot of hocus pocus.
Vast majority of virology comes down to transfection experiments.
I mean, we are there now.
The only way to explain this picture and the only way to explain why I couldn't save my best friend from this is because of these liars and their absolutely amazing script.
that has been flexible enough for them to absorb me for quite some time.
But it's a script about bad biology.
Let's see what the PBS NewsHour is saying.
The COVID vaccine is expected to provide good protection against the variant, but the news comes after Secretary of Health and Human Services Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
announced yesterday that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention would drop the COVID vaccines from its list.
I mean, you can clearly see it, right?
This is, it's impossible for this to be anything but a spell.
And once you see it for what it is, you can't take any of these people seriously.
They're obviously not working hard if they're on Blaze TV and all this other shit, Dr. Drew.
That's not what these guys are supposed to be doing.
I mean, as the head of the NIH, he's supposed to be giving some kind of, you know, direction to the, the organization, having a vision for what he would like to use that billions of dollars of budget for maybe changing priorities of things for, you know, talking about what the priorities have been and what they should be.
And if he did that, what would he talk about?
The priorities of the NIH have been the human genome project.
Are we going to change those priorities?
Are we going to identify where those priorities have gotten us and where it hasn't gotten us?
Of course we're not.
It's the same reason why we have a surgeon at the head of the FDA who is never going to question anything to do with the medical devices, which are PCR diagnostics still being used in all of our hospitals and around the world.
of recommended shots for pregnant women and children.
That decision and other recent changes under Kennedy are leading to major worries and unease among medical and public health groups.
Ali Rogin has more.
Amna, many experts are calling the move unprecedented.
Typically, the CDC makes recommendations about who should be vaccinated and when based on advice from an advisory committee of experts.
But it's unclear if they were consulted before the announcement.
Joining us to discuss the potential impact of this announcement and wider concerns from public health experts is Dr. Richard Besser, former acting director of the CDC and now CEO of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
And we should note the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation is a funder of the NewsHour.
It would be worth checking whether the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation funds the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, and it would also be worth looking whether they fund the Weston J. Price Foundation, because the Weston J. Price Foundation or Weston P. Price, I can't remember exactly which one it is,
um connects Tom Cowan with this Leslie Makunin and with uh Suzanne Humphreys which is a very interesting connection because of course Tom Cowan says there are no viruses at all but um
But Suzanne Humphrey says there are.
It's just that vaccines sometimes aren't the best way.
Maybe you should just have viruses infect you.
So they're on the same, they're on the board of the same frickin' foundation, which is already really weird.
Actually, Stephanie Seneff is also on the Weston Price Foundation board, which is just extraordinary if you think about it.
They're all on my, my, my list.
A lot of them are actually were in the Steve Kirsch steering committee of the BSRF.
It's just,
It's mind-bogglingly easy to see once you allow yourself to actually see it.
Dr. Besser, thank you so much for being here.
I want to take these two categories in turn.
First, pregnant women.
There are many public health experts who are expressing concern that they should absolutely still be getting the vaccine to protect not just themselves, but also their infants.
What are the concerns there?
Yeah, well, thanks for having me on, Allie.
It's very concerning.
I'm a general pediatrician.
I practiced for more than 30 years.
And one of the wonderful things about vaccinations in pregnant women is it not only protects them, but it provides protective factors to their babies.
So think about the spectacular lack of precision there.
protective factors to the babies.
So I presume he's talking about the crossing of the placenta.
It would be very interesting to know whether or not the mRNA would potentially cross the placenta.
It would be really interesting to note whether the spike protein, when it's produced, if it goes into circulation or whatever other fragmented proteins are produced, if they are able to cross the placental barrier.
So again, it's kind of,
It's so naive biologically, it's kind of comical, because of course that we are coming from... I am coming from the perspective of a father of three children.
And my wife was told that, you know, having sushi during pregnancy would be risky, that you needed to be careful about what you put on your skin.
And so advocating for transfection
And again, that's what it is.
Advocating for transfection via lipid nanoparticle is actually an extraordinary recommendation.
And it assumes a whole list of things that are probably completely false.
One of them, of course, that you know is false is the existence of this particularly novel signal in the background that we can call coronavirus.
But this is where we are.
We're still showing pictures of vaccination on PBS NewsHour in America.
And that means that a 20% or 25% of the American population take this fairly seriously.
Even if they don't watch the PBS NewsHour, understand that most people on what we would term in large terms, the left,
the non-Trump voters who would watch PBS NewsHour and have very little problem with it, even if they don't watch it.
Please understand that.
They would be very comfortable with it, in fact.
who often can't get vaccinated against many infectious diseases during that first year of life.
And so those factors will not be coming across to the babies of moms who are now gonna be denied access to this vaccine.
See, so what he said there, and that's important to hear, those factors are important because the baby won't be able to be vaccinated against a lot of these diseases in the first year of their life.
And so is he going to be specific and say that, well, you know, what would be the best really?
I mean, this is assuming that the mom is going to breastfeed for the first year, which in America is virtually impossible, right?
I mean, what would you going to do pump?
I mean, that's the, that's the comical part about, uh, what we learned and what I've seen since becoming a father and lucky enough, becoming a father in Norway, where
Parenthood is priority one in the society.
and priority one in terms of the health care system.
That alone is obvious in Norway.
Like it or not, that's the best part about the Norwegian culture and the system.
From the perspective of a foreigner, when you go there, it is without a doubt extremely obvious that having children is a protected and encouraged activity because of the
the number of subsidies, the amount of vacation protected time.
The government pays for that vacation, you know, not your employer.
The government pays for it.
That's how important it is.
They force the employer to respect a ridiculous amount of vacation in the first year of the life of the kid.
It's just all different.
And here this guy is talking in such lame terms in a country where it is almost normal
for a doctor in the hospital to say, are you going to breastfeed or not?
Think about that.
Would you like a C-section is not a ridiculous question, even though it should be.
Just like, will you like to circumcise your newborn baby boy should be a ridiculous question, but it's not in America.
We need to see this and we need to be able to show it to our children.
Because if our children grow up thinking that abortion is a solution to a problem, to an inconvenience, if they grow up thinking that Botox is a solution to an inconvenience, if they grow up thinking that fake breasts, I mean, think about this.
If they grow up thinking that they can change their gender on a whim, or delay puberty on a whim, or any of these other absolutely ridiculous notions, they're all in one big ball of bullshit.
bad biology, because evolution, because DNA, that's all based on the same thing.
It's all based on that same reasoning, which essentially removes the sacredness of the individual, removes the sacredness of your life in particular, and instead dilutes it into an almost imperceptible drop in a 50,000 year
ocean of human evolution, and that is absolutely malevolent for our children, never mind for our grandchildren that will inherit the worst version of that mythology.
One that we haven't even really fully seen in its entirety yet.
The American College of OB-GYN, this is the body of experts who are obstetricians and gynecologists, raise concerns about this recommendation.
A big concern for me is that... See, but that's where you're wrong.
Norway has high taxes, but you can go up until very recently in Norway, you could go and see what everybody paid in taxes.
And you have to make an awful lot of money to pay more taxes than you pay here.
And that's the truth.
For example, when I was in Norway for the first two years in Norway, I should have been tax-free.
Because that's what an invited intellectual employee from America is supposed to get two years tax-free.
But the tax office in Norway reversed it after they gave it to me, and so we had to pay back like thousands of kroner.
And we hired a lawyer that cost us thousands of kroner.
Our time in Norway was an absolute disaster, save the fact that we loved having our kids there.
But the high taxes are paid by rich people.
That's absolutely true.
The high taxes are paid by corporations.
But the government of Norway is not rich from the taxes.
They regulate
the expression of society with taxes so that people who are on the low end of the economic scale still have nice houses and nice cars and drive on nice roads and go to nice schools.
There are no rich people's schools in Norway.
It's just all nice schools, and it's all nice houses, and it's all nice roads.
And it's a government that is subsidized a lot by its natural resources that they haven't even tapped into yet.
They have 7 million people in Norway.
Like, if anything, they might have 8 million now.
This is an extraordinary anomaly on earth, what Norway is.
So to point to Norway and say, oh, they have high taxes there, it's just ridiculous.
Because what they don't have there is very little.
What they have there is a shit ton.
They can build gigantic, you know, 250-year-long bridges to islands that only 50 people live on.
And they can build three-mile-long tunnels to places where only 100,000 people live in total.
Like, they can spare no expense.
Norway is like a kind of Jurassic Park of humanity.
And so if they have a little bit higher taxes, I assure you, it's nothing that you would care about if you actually lived there.
On the other hand, if you go visit Norway, you'll be shocked because if you go into a fast food restaurant and get like a Burger King, I don't know, Whopper meal, you're going to pay like $24 for it.
Anyway, I'm ranting.
I think it's a little short through the corner, to use a Dutch phrase, it's a little short through the corner to say that Norway can be explained because they have high taxes, because that really doesn't summarize how much better the Norwegian system is overall.
And it's not better because they just put the switches in different places and then it runs better.
It's because they only have 7 million people and they're sitting on such a mountain of,
of natural resources that they basically can't fail, except they are because they have willy-nilly given away a lot of the infrastructure that they currently have.
Like their electrical infragrid infrastructure was given away to private interests for 80 years, like five years ago.
And so now they're kind of screwed because they can charge whatever they want to and they can, I don't know,
They gave away everything with regard to their, and so you're right, Norway's not perfect.
I'm not saying it is.
I'm saying what I could see from Norway was that their priority of families was obvious from day one, and it remains obvious now, and that is a huge awesomeness that I think we could shoot for in America.
the announcement didn't provide the thought behind it.
It didn't provide the data.
Yes, they also have a relatively homogenous society and they work very hard to integrate people.
So, you know, if you want to move to Norway and you're an immigrant, you're going to have to live way, way, way, way, way north and work in a post office.
Otherwise, we don't have any room for you.
And they are very much like that.
I'm not saying they're not having an immigration problem, but they are not Sweden.
They didn't make a lot of those mistakes yet.
Or at least when I was there, they hadn't made those mistakes yet.
And that's what we're losing, is that ability to really understand the decision.
Now I want to talk specifically about... But that Sovereign Wealth Fund is what I'm talking about.
They have so much money from oil and gas, never mind the aluminum and other minerals they have.
And they haven't even started to tap into it.
Children over the age of six months, FDA Commissioner McCary said there's no evidence healthy kids need it.
And there are some countries that have stopped administering it routinely, including Australia, the UK, as well as the World Health Organization.
So what are the specific risks among that group?
Yeah, thankfully.
It's interesting that Robert Malone actually went to Norway to promote the Norwegian language release of his book.
What was it called?
Lies My Government Told Me.
So you're right.
I mean, it's a giant sovereign wealth fund.
And in fact, I think that the Inovio company was first founded in Norway, which is also interesting.
I know that from Mark Kulak as well.
The impact of COVID.
has been going down over the years.
The talking about deaths in the thousands per week, that's no longer the conversation.
But it doesn't mean that COVID isn't still causing problems.
And it does cause problems for children.
One of the things that I like to see each year is the advisory committee, that expert body you were talking about to the CDC, they wrestle with these questions.
They look and see, well, how many children are getting infected?
Is the vaccine effective at preventing long COVID that we know so many people are suffering from?
What about a child who lives in a family where there's someone who has an immune problem, who's at greater risk?
Would vaccinating that child help protect the others in that family?
We didn't get to hear any of those conversations because this was the decision that just came down from the secretary, a secretary who told Congress just within the past couple of weeks that we should not take health advice from him.
and told Congress during his confirmation hearing that he would not be messing with the childhood vaccination schedule.
Now, remember the important thing to keep in mind as we watch these different sides of the elephant, that you understand that by their own choice, the people that watch PBS NewsHour and are not that worried about what they hear,
their beliefs are confirmed by what they hear.
Even if they don't regularly watch PBS NewsHour, those people don't know who Robert Malone is.
They don't know who Steve Kirsch is.
They don't know who Barry Talley Bowden is.
They don't know who Denny Rancor is.
They don't know who Doc Malek is.
They don't know who Jessica Rose is.
They don't know who Peter McCullough is.
They've never heard of Pierre Kory.
And so we have been watching a show on a stage at a Lollapalooza where there are lots of other people that are fans of lots of other bands that don't give a shit about what's going on our stage, will never buy a t-shirt, don't even want to know about our band.
And that is by design.
That is the function of what I would call the military social control programming suite of Facebook, and Twitter, and Gab, and Getter, and Locals, and YouTube, and X, and Rumble, and all of these programs are essentially places for you to get stuck.
They are stages.
They are sets of stages, which even makes it more malevolent.
It's not even as simple as a Lollapalooza where you have to choose from the main stage and a couple side stages.
And if your friends are on the side stage, you might have to hear the main stage in the background.
No, it's not like that.
Even the main stage doesn't really exist anymore.
It's just all imaginary because even this is on the internet.
It's, it's,
It's all just the internet.
It's very concerning.
By the way, I want to stop this for a second and put this link in the chat.
is a link to a substack that somebody sent me that I think is really, really, really good.
And it might be something worth sharing.
So let me chat that.
I should end in enslavement.
Why did that?
There.
like that.
That sub stack is actually really interesting.
Somebody did what I thought somebody should have done already years ago and took my video and kind of tried to summarize it.
What I was saying, what my main message is, and I think he did a pretty good job.
So I wanted to share that that's there on the on the screen.
And in the chat.
Let's get this going again.
Sorry.
Vaccines are no longer recommended for these groups.
How do you anticipate health insurance companies are going to respond?
Yeah, you know, it goes even beyond that.
The Affordable Care Act says that if it's a recommended vaccine, it has to be provided at no cost.
So Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act actually has as part of it the idea that if the CDC recommends a vaccine, that all participating insurance companies should provide it at no cost.
That's an interesting point in our favor because that means, again, that it's possible that this was all one script for the Human Genome Project as they did iterations of, you know, first we got to get the technology and the robotics and the methodologies to very cheaply sequence with a relatively high level of accuracy over a relatively large fragment size.
then we're gonna have to develop the infrastructure that we could store all this data, and it's a lot of data.
Maybe we're gonna need, you know, container ships with servers in them, or, you know, I wonder if we could come up with a reason why we would need all those servers.
Maybe we could tell people that we're gonna have video platforms, and those video platforms are gonna store their videos forever, so we're gonna need a lot of servers.
Now we're at the stage where we probably have the technology to sequence a large fraction of a genome and store it on a hard drive so that we maybe could compare what we sequence from somebody else.
But we couldn't do that 10 years ago.
We couldn't do that maybe even five years ago and not at the fidelity and scale that was going to be required.
Oh, but five years ago, we probably could do it.
That's why they started the pandemic.
Let's say it like this.
They knew from the population pyramid that they had one real chance to do it.
And so they did their best to make sequencing as cheap as possible.
They did their best to make the storage and the processing and the machine learning algorithms as advanced as possible before this inevitable biological opportunity presented by the Western civilization population pyramid presented itself.
And they went with whatever they had, including the people.
like Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
To people with health insurance.
But one of the things that's wonderful about our childhood vaccination system in the United States is if there is a recommended vaccination, there's a program called the Vaccines for Children program.
And that requires Congress to prohibit vaccinations for all children, regardless of whether they're in jobs.
So a child who is from a lower income family is going to get vaccinated just as easily as someone whose family has more income.
And so is it about income?
Are we treating the poor people right?
Oh, my goodness.
It's going to come out very soon from the Simpsonwood revelation that our vaccine schedule is harming black boys.
Oh, my gosh.
without that recommendati be those vaccines provide income Children.
So there Uh, you know, a family wi well, maybe a doctor will
off-label, so beyond the recommended vaccination schedule, but you won't have that opportunity for other children, and that's concerning as well.
Oh, that's very concerning, isn't it?
Imagine making this the question that we should debate, and imagine that lots and lots and lots of people would watch this and just kind of rub their goatee and think, oh yeah, very good, interesting.
We were going to have
even more of a two-tier system where if you have money, you can get something.
If you don't, you don't have a choice.
And Dr. Besser, lastly, on a slightly different topic, the Washington Post was reporting about an outbreak of E. coli that the FDA investigated but never publicized, reportedly sickened almost 90 people.
Commissioner McCary not referring to this specifically, but he has said that cuts to the agency have been all about reversing regulatory creep.
They're not influencing any regulatory operations.
But how does that square with what you see as the role of the FDA in communicating these public health?
The FDA, again, remember that one of the things that Mark and I have identified is that it appears that a lot of these players
are targeting the FDA.
Kevin McKernan was on podcasts in 2020 repeatedly saying that the FDA was in the way, that the EUAs were in the way, there's too much paperwork.
The FDA is why we don't have testing and why we're losing control of the virus.
We need more testing and the FDA is in the way.
That's basically all he repeated for more than a year.
Now, interestingly, I think Brett Weinstein's father, Les Weinstein, was actually part of the Department of Justice at the time when the FDA was formulated.
You know, when Estes Kefauver was also working with Robert F. Kennedy, when Estes Kefauver was killed three weeks before John F. Kennedy was killed, that was all around the time of, you know, the FDA and its forming.
And I think Estes Kefauver wanted it to be a lot
have a lot more teeth than it ended up having.
But the whole combination of safe and effective is essentially was repeated by Fauci and everybody else because that is the mandate of the FDA.
And so the idea is to put into everybody's head that the FDA is responsible for giving us something that wasn't safe and effective.
And in fact, it turns out that a lot of this stuff that the FDA says is safe and effective is only safe and effective for a certain cohort.
which is of course what Robert F. Kennedy Jr., what James Lyons Weiler, what Mumpert from CHD, what Thomas from CHD, what all of these people, Merrill Nass have all been saying that these things, these adjuvants, these injections, this combination of stuff is only
particularly dangerous to a portion of people that can't process heavy metals or that are vulnerable for some other genetic reason.
And this is all bullshit.
It's all bullshit to make sure that you believe evolution because DNA.
Believe that you're a slave to the product of only your genes.
That's the whole focus of race.
That's the reason why they want you to think about white and black and brown.
Because they want you to think very simple concepts.
You're trapped in your genes.
When in reality, not very many genes sort with the dark skin that I have.
Not many genes sort with whether you have sunburn or not.
And yet they want you to believe that that's evidence that everything, everything is just, you can just know everything.
phenotype, be worried about your phenotype.
It's incredible.
It's really incredible.
Risks and advisories.
Yeah, I mean, one of the important roles of the Food and Drug Administration is to make sure our food supply is safe.
And there's a lot of work that goes on between FDA and CDC on that.
I started my career at CDC as a foodborne disease investigator.
Don't forget at the CDC, we have a DARPA AI expert.
we don't talk about at all, just appointed, doesn't matter.
Nobody cares because they're all watching Jay Bhattacharya on all the talk shows he's going on and they're watching the weekly podcast of the FDA with Marty McCarty and Vinay Prasad and some other Indian lady.
My first outbreak was one
of this very same strain of deadly E. coli.
You want people to know about it.
You want people to know so that they can understand where risk comes from and how to protect themselves.
By not sharing that information, you miss the opportunity to tell people about safe food practices, what things to avoid and how to make sure you stay safe.
E. coli is getting poop in your mouth, I'm sorry to say, but that's weird.
I worry that those massive cuts and layoffs at the FDA and at CDC have undermined this system.
One of the groups that's critical are communicators.
And my understanding is that in both agencies, a lot of the public health
communicators have been let go.
Without them, public health is not going to be able to do its job the way it's supposed to.
So if he was going to say it honestly, then why wouldn't he just say that it's very strange that Vinay Prasad is now head of one part of the crucial part of the FDA and the head of the FDA is a guy that they podcasted together for five years.
And so those two guys became the heads of key positions at the FDA and then got rid of all the public
educators, the communicators, but this guy's not able to go far enough to say that he thinks that the director is just a stooge.
He's not able to say that Vinay Prasad is a child who doesn't belong there.
And the fact that they're spending their time putting out an FDA podcast is absurd.
Of course, he's not going to say that.
It's all the same show.
It's all one national security show, controlled demolition of America.
Dr. Richard Besser, CEO of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I'm gonna take a very brief break and then I'll be back with a couple of very, very interesting observations.
I think you'll like it a lot.
Thanks for being here.
See you again in a minute.
You're welcome.
Isolate, what was it?
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist and brought to you by all of those people over there on the scroll.
If you want to share this stream, again, please share it at stream.gigaom.bio because there you can download the stream in a couple different resolutions as well as, I believe, an audio file.
If you want to support this work, and you would be supporting a family of five and nothing else, please go to gigahomebiological.com and find a way to do that.
I have about 108
subscribers right now which are contributing somewhere between 10 and 20 dollars a month and so you can do the math there.
I need to work a part-time job and my wife needs to do stuff and we are all just trying to get by here and I don't want sympathy but I just want to
Stress that if you are in a position to support and you've never supported anything before on the internet This might be one of those times where you need to think about doing it and $10 a month For our family if we just had you know a few thousand supporters This thing would basically be a train that would never stop
And maybe even transform into something like a high school class that could just be given in perpetuity.
All of those things are in theory possible, but right now we're just on such shaky ground that the only thing we're really looking forward to is making sure we can pay rent at the end of the month.
So I'm happy to say that it is May 29th and rent is paid and so I'm fired up.
I'm ready to go And I think you should be too.
It is very explainable how we got here and For me, although I find him really annoying and I know a lot of people that watch this show and don't watch this show Find him very annoying.
I think it's important to understand that for me I
Part of the alien show that I've seen is Bret Weinstein, and because I was very particularly connected to Bret, particularly by Piper Stover, who I've come to understand as a pretty extreme meddler,
I think it's important to reflect on where Brett is now, where he has been, and what I have predicted would be his role.
And indeed, I really think I nailed it with Brett.
And so I want to go into that a little further.
Of course, you also know that I nailed it with Kevin McCairn.
Let me switch over to the other side here.
Kevin McCairn is this guy who supposedly lives, a UK guy who supposedly lives in Japan.
And at the start of the pandemic, I met up with him virtually along with two other people, close associates of George Webb.
George Webb is a guy who was featured on 60 Minutes as a guy who was blaming the Wuhan release of the agent on the military games and on somebody who brought a bicycle there from the US Air Force.
And that is basically how George Webb was inserted into this national security narrative.
It's very strange actually, because you could almost see him as having equivalent significance in the narrative as somebody like Peter Daszak, who was also featured on 60 Minutes a couple of times.
It's not an insignificant thing that George Webb
a guy who would later claim to be suing Robert Malone, a guy who was included on a list of people who Robert Malone said were some of the key people on the internet who were following him around and harassing him, and even provided a link to the CBS website where the 60 Minutes episode that featured George Webb could be found for a subscription price.
So Robert Malone is a key to understanding this, but also for me personally, Kevin McCairn is a key to understanding this because Kevin McCairn at the start of 2020.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
Was saying that it was a worst case scenario of a billion people going to die with none other than the best and favorite associate of George Webb from the beginning of the pandemic.
And this is the guy that brought me in.
This is the guy who got me to stream in the beginning of 2020 and said that we had to speak out and very specifically told me that I had to be aware of an American named Andrew Kaufman, an American by the name of Tom Cowan, and a New Zealander by the name of Sam Bailey, all of whom were part of a group of people that was really awful because they were denying the existence of this virus when obviously there is one.
And the other people you needed to be afraid of are the people that were gonna try and blame this on 5G.
That was his script in 2020.
In 2021, he started to pivot to the spike protein and to amyloidosis and later to pre-onogenesis.
And, and for a while there, he was really focused on, on, on promoting this guy by the name of Richard Fleming, who has like five degrees.
And, and that guy was saying that the spike protein was going to cause cardiac problems, but also had a, a medical protocol on his website that included remdesivir as a viable therapeutic.
And so the remarkable thing is, is that in 2024, five years later, this guy has been on a stream with, with a guy who was in that same signal chat with Brett Weinstein, Matt Crawford, and with Charles Rixey of drastic, a organization on the internet, largely composed of Indians and anonymous other foreigners on Twitter,
in 2024 saying that, again, what?
It's a what?
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Now the worst case scenario was, of course, the spike protein and prion disease and a pending, you know, dementia disaster or a prion disease disaster.
And that's all nonsense, but unfortunately, that guy was in place at the very beginning of the pandemic, just like these guys were in place at the beginning of the pandemic.
And for two years, Kevin McCairn had a victory gif, every time somebody would donate, a victory gif of Sam Bailey with hot dogs in her mouth.
Bimbo Bailey, he called her.
And yet in 2022, her husband felt it was gonna be okay to debate him about the existence of viruses or not on the Tim Truth podcast.
And this is all part of the same show that only the people that needed to see it saw it.
Because that's how social media works.
And so Brett Weinstein plays a very similar role, and he played a very nasty role with me.
And I don't think his wife is actually in it.
I think his wife is just a dupe, and her husband has actually been lying to her about their role in this, and the fact that he gets a script from somebody.
but it doesn't have to be that way.
And Mark Kulak has pointed out to me that you don't have to testify against your wife.
So there's not a lot of legal reason that he wouldn't tell her other than he thinks that she would speak out or get mad about it.
But the bottom line is, is that in that signal chat in 2021, I told them that the transfection, irrespective of what protein they chose,
would cause autoimmunity in any of, potentially autoimmunity in any of the target tissues that it would go to.
Since they can't control that, it's basically anything.
I told them that the spike protein was going to be blamed for something that is not specific for the expressed protein.
And that I think that that was their plan all along.
And that's why they have all these people on the internet saying that the spike protein is toxic.
The spike protein is amyloidosis.
The spike protein has HIV inserts.
That's why they're there.
And that's what I told him in 2021.
I explained to him
that this was a danger, that this could be a narrative.
They could be taking a background signal and misrepresenting it as spread because PCR doesn't really work with the fidelity that they say it works with.
They heard all of that in 2021.
It took them until 2022 to admit that I insisted that this should be called a transfection.
insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Now I could play a number of other clips that will show you every time Brett Weinstein has said that.
I think I came up with this myself, but I also heard it from my friend J. Cooey.
But there's a few of those clips too, but I don't like to use those because they seem like I'm, what I want to focus on is the fact that one simple point, calling it transfection would have been honest, calling it transfection would have been a step toward, uh,
informed consent.
Calling it a transfection would have probably saved a lot of college kids.
Calling it a transfection would have probably saved a lot of older adults.
And calling it a transfection right now, or then, would have been honest.
And that's why I was fired.
Brian Hooker knew it was a transfection because he has 16 years of working in the industry at a government laboratory, transfecting and transforming plants to make medicine.
Not that dissimilar to what Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project is busy with, with cannabis.
It's all one show.
The intellectual dark web was put in place.
Maybe they didn't even know why or how they would be used, but the start of the pandemic, they were conveniently in place and they were no doubt used to control me, to make me feel like I was about to get on Brett's podcast and explain it.
I was about to be heard.
At least I was being heard by this guy.
At least I got on Steve Kirsch's steering committee and could say my piece.
So let's listen to the podcast from yesterday from Brett Weinstein and his wife.
And let's see if you can see how clear it is now, how easy it is to see that these people were put in place to control a narrative and to eventually blame the damage of transfection on the novel virus spike protein.
Sorry.
I want to start with, I'm not even sure it's a correction in this case.
To be honest, I've talked to a number of people and nobody is entirely clear on what has happened.
But those of you who watched last week's episode will remember
that I took Vinay Prasad to task over his announcement that the COVID vaccines were going to be not recommended except for those who were vulnerable and what Vinay did not say but was easily inferred from
the list of vulnerable people was that pregnant women were still included on the list because they were considered vulnerable and therefore it was argued that they would benefit from the shot, which they clearly won't.
Um, so we had that discussion and I said some colorful things about Vinay, um, having negotiated with the devil and then, um, an announcement.
So Brett Weinstein and his wife have not negotiated with the devil by, by not calling them transfections by still calling them vaccines four years later.
It's three years later, whatever.
It's four years later if you realize that it was 2021 when I was already explaining it to them and they were trying desperately to confuse me.
Are you sure you're right?
What about this?
Ladies and gentlemen, I am accusing Brett Weinstein of being an active participant in what effectively is the sabotaging of any useful resistance to this bullshit that's happening in America, this controlled demolition.
And it's because this is part of a greater Health and Human Services, Human Genome Project, Department of Energy priority to invert the sovereignty of American citizens into experimental animal status to collect their data.
And some of it or all of it may have already been partially collected because we let all those college kids go back to college during the pandemic and never usefully resisted it.
he was part of that.
Naomi Wolf was part of that.
Kevin McKernan was part of that.
Robert Malone was part of that.
Children's Health was part of that.
Hycan was part of that.
All of these people, including Brownstone and Hart and Panda, they're all part of that.
This is a Jurassic Park level organization.
They would spare no expense and certainly not the expense required to put a bunch of clowns like Tommy podcast out there and run them through all of these guests over and over again to put this narrative out there and make sure that nobody ever stumbled upon the truth.
Came out later, um, that reflected a different policy.
Um, so do you want to play that clip from Kennedy and about Acharya and McCary?
Hi everybody, I'm Robert F. Kennedy Jr., your HHS Secretary, and I'm here today with NIH Director Dr. Jay Bhattacharya and FDA Commissioner Dr. Marty Makary.
I couldn't be more pleased to announce that as of today, the COVID vaccine for healthy children and healthy pregnant women has been removed from the CDC recommended immunization schedule.
Last year, the Biden administration urged healthy children to get yet another COVID shot, despite the lack of any clinical data, to support the repeat booster strategy in children.
That ends today.
It's common sense, and it's good science.
There's no evidence healthy kids need it today, and most countries have stopped recommending it for children.
We're now one step closer to realizing President Trump's promise to make America healthy again.
All right, I find that video a little bit hard to watch.
It's very stilted, and these guys are, of course, working incredibly hard.
Of course they're working incredibly hard.
So incredibly hard.
I mean, it's amazing how hard they work.
I mean, you know, it's awesome.
So I will try to ignore the video and just point out that, OK, this is progress.
They are not going to be recommending these COVID shots for healthy pregnant women, at least.
So things are better than we had expected.
It's not clear whether this is a change in policy from what Vinay announced or if this was always the policy trajectory and we were just sort of getting there in stages.
But in any case, it was
sufficiently correct in its directionality that I had Jen pull down the clips that we had put out.
I really believe wholeheartedly that that dung beetle is there because they have to tell you the truth.
I really believe that wholeheartedly.
It's not a sculpture by accident.
It is because they have to tell you the truth.
Otherwise, your enslavement will affect them in universal energy or something.
They have to tell the truth.
Describing what I had thought was an error by Vinay Prasad.
So if I have erred, I apologize to Vinay.
We are now in an interesting middle ground where we are apparently not going to have these shots recommended for healthy people.
That's a huge step in the right direction.
It raises the obvious question of what they mean by healthy.
Who is defining healthy?
And who gets to decide whether or not you meet those standards before you do or do not have these shots recommended to you?
Obviously, we know that many of the people who have been effectively driving health policy in this country are not interested in human health, else they are at worst of their jobs of anyone in human history.
But even more narrowly,
healthy pregnant women.
We have a long history of medicalizing pregnancy.
Pregnancy
Childbirth is risky for humans.
So we're not talking at all about the development, about the vulnerabilities during development.
And these two are supposed to be evolutionary biologists.
But evolutionary biologists should at least understand that there's this development period.
And that development period can result in the misexpression, maladaptation, incomplete development of what otherwise would be a trajectory through time with a given endpoint.
And that endpoint can be missed very drastically if the development of an animal, especially one with an incredibly long developmental time course, would be interrupted or set off course.
And yet these two ham-fisted clowns are not going to be able to get there anytime soon.
More so than for our closest relatives, because we have such long pregnancies with such large-headed children.
So it's about the big heads.
That's the problem with the long pregnancies.
The big heads, the big babies.
Wow, what a dipshit.
But having had two successful pregnancies myself, I know for sure that many variations that simply exist
during the time period of a pregnancy can be called into question as indicative of something going awry and I'm concerned that where the bodies are buried here is what defines healthy and who gets to tell you you are or you are not.
I agree that there is concern there and then maybe even more to the point.
The last thing that you should do is give these shots to people who are vulnerable because it's not going to make it better.
It's going to make it worse.
It's going to make them more likely to contract COVID.
The range of adverse events is... So the shot makes them more likely to get COVID.
So what does that say?
The novel virus exists, it's still in circulation, and the transfection has an effect on whether or not you get it.
But that assumes that you can track it.
It assumes that you can sequence it.
It assumes what the PBS NewsHour said is true, that there's a new variant.
And if you can't see it yet, it's gonna get worse.
through the roof, which is something we've talked about, and there's a conversation that we should have down the road.
But nonetheless, I will say behind the scenes in the medical freedom movement, there is confusion about what's going on.
On the one hand, we have seen
steps that move in the right direction, which are tremendous.
I mean, the idea that these are not going to be given to children as a routine vaccination during wellness checkups, that's absolutely huge.
You know, parents were going to allow it because some doctor was going to look them in the eye and tell them this is the right thing to do for your child.
Kids were going to be maimed.
Kids were going to die.
Lives were going to be shortened.
It was.
it was an abomination.
And so to have that disappear, that's great.
To have the recommendation for healthy people get these things disappear, that's great too.
This has profound implications for liability.
There are two things that are giving the manufacturers of these shots immunity from liability.
One of them is the existence of the shots on the childhood schedule, which strangely provides immunity protection
or liability protection for the adult shots.
That's now gone.
The second thing is the PREP Act, which causes the emergency authorized vaccines to be covered from liability.
But maybe that's on the list of things that's going to get removed, which would put us in a whole new position.
But nonetheless, there is understandable frustration.
So hold up.
Yeah.
I don't know what you just said.
That's impossible.
she doesn't know what he just said then she is a clown because she has been on the internet for five years purporting to try to fight this fight of health freedom against the state or the the the health move freedom she's supposed to be one of the key players in this and she supposedly dedicated a significant amount of her brain power over the last five years yet somehow or another what you don't know what he just said
What I think you said is there are two ways that manufacturers of vaccines in the United States get emancipated from liability for their products.
I had thought that it was inherently that if- It's mostly Merck, just so you know.
You know, the company that Vincent Rackett-Yellow worked for, the company that Paul Offit worked for, you know, the Merck, the company that Brandy Vaughn worked for, that one.
if you were on any vaccine schedule, like, say, the shingles vaccine for older adults, that you inherently have liability due to whatever the act was that Reagan... The 86.
Yeah, back in 86.
But what you have just said is that actually, one of two things, at least one of two things needs to be true in order for your product as a vaccine manufacturer
To be free from liability in the United States, which is that it is on the recommended vaccine schedule for childhood immunizations recommended by the CDC or It was granted an EUA and an emergency authorization emergency use authorization.
Let me clean that up slightly.
Okay, and
Yes, any vaccine that is recommended on the childhood schedule is immune from liability, even when given to adults.
And that follows from the Reagan era, 1986, we think.
Yeah.
I am not certain whether the fact of an emergency use authorization itself grants immunity from liability or it is simply the fact that these shots were licensed during an emergency and the PREP Act laid the groundwork for in an emergency you ostensibly need companies to make these things.
If they are worried about
being sued.
Nowhere near talking about how the prep act is essentially unconstitutional because it allows an unelected official of the government to suspend a number of fundamental rights without being held to strict scrutiny of any kind.
Nowhere near saying that even though his dad's a lawyer, even though his brother is an advisor to Peter Thiel, even though he's been on this for five years, he's still just kind of barely able to keep his head above water.
And that's how you know he's fake.
It's not clear to me that it's the EUA itself, but it is certainly the fact of the emergency context.
And as I understand it, the immunity from liability extends until I should know.
I think it's either 2027 or 2029.
But anyway, even though the emergency is officially over, these shots are still protected.
So we are getting closer to the day when
The shots will not be protected.
The manufacturers will not.
And in my opinion, there's no way the manufacturers would leave them on the market if they faced lawsuits for all of the injuries, because the number of injuries is sky high and the injuries themselves are in many cases profound.
It would be interesting to predict what the cover story will be as they get pulled.
So prediction first, which is what you just made, is that as the freedom from liability is set to disappear, they will be pulled, but they will have some story for why.
They will have some story for why.
What have we been talking about for the last four years?
We've been talking about how they're gonna lie about how the spike protein has all these special attributes that we just ignored, put a proline link in it and said that it was ready to go.
It took them less than 45 minutes according to the TED talk of the lady from Moderna.
And now we have the former Human Genome Project Research and Development Director Kevin McKernan running around the world saying that there was DNA in the shots.
It's contaminated.
They knew that they were never going to be clean.
They knew that the process they were using would never be clean.
And they knew they couldn't use the one process that they used to clean protein biologics because they can't separate nucleic acids with that.
That's exactly what it does.
So this show was in place from the very, very beginning.
And Brett wittingly or unwittingly has been used in order to make sure that no useful resistance to the rollout of transfection under the guise of a novel virus crisis would ever amount to anything because people like him would go along with it.
And they're still going along with it now.
And listen to what this monster says right here.
they will have some story for why to try to imagine in advance what the cover story might be prediction yeah spike protein turns out to have been an unfortunate choice that's the cover story and that will be to protect the platform which is really the problem the mRNA platform itself
Every feature of it is a problem whether it's the stabilized mRNAs the lipid nanoparticles that they're Packaged in or just the simple failure to address any particular cells that do ladies and gentlemen I don't know what to say other than to tell you to plead with you to understand that I told this monster exactly what he just said and
in 2021.
It may have even been in early 2021 or late 2020.
That's what we're dealing with here.
And after that, it took more than a year for Heather to say my name out loud in the context of, you know, he insists on calling it transfection.
And then three years later, we are here right now with this monster representing the biology that he could never have learned on his own.
that he learned from me in a signal chat that I still have on this frickin' phone right here, along with Alexandros Marinos, Matt Crawford, Jumi Kim, and Chris Martinson, all of whom know I'm not lying right now.
All of whom have been singing the praises of Elon Musk since he threatened to buy Twitter and since he bought it.
All of whom were focused on Ivermectin,
Ladies and gentlemen, this is absolutely positively the time to pull your head out right now.
I have not been whining about nothing.
I have been able to see it clearly more than anyone else because I'm one of the few people who actually got all the way to the touchdown.
And the touchdown is not that there's no virus.
The touchdown is not that we have FOIAs.
The touchdown is not health freedom.
The touchdown is not free speech.
The touchdown is that intramuscular injection is no, in no way, appropriate medicine, ever.
And that we are having our sovereignty inverted by a mythology that's being created by the population pyramid.
and it's being exaggerated as something that it's not.
And this guy, wittingly or unwittingly, this woman, wittingly or unwittingly, are part of this multi-year enslavement exercise that's aimed at our children and our grandchildren.
And for his interference in my family's wellbeing, in my family's ability to make a living, I want him in jail.
I don't think it'll ever happen just like it'll never happen for any of these other people who meddled with my ability to make a living for five years.
But I assure you, I would love it.
And I have saved every screenshot possible and recorded and downloaded every video that possibly has evidence that these people knew all of this shit because I told them.
the translating into protein, all of those things are fatal flaws.
Spike protein will be scapegoated.
But there is confusion in the medical freedom movement about why the heck not just pull these things from the market, right?
We all who have delved deeply here know that they should be.
Understand this, if I was ever in the physical presence of Brett Weinstein again, I would not be responsible for what happened.
I don't know what would happen.
Maybe I would just yell.
But, I mean, this is a guy who has assaulted me as a man in a way that few other men have ever assaulted me in my life.
By working against me and my family for years,
And so I think I have every justification for being pissed off.
And in a way that, you know, it's not like he crashed into my car and then drove away.
This is much worse than that.
I have children.
I had a career that I'd worked for for almost 20 years that was ruined by these people.
ruined by people like piper stover ruined by people like like honestly brian hooker and mary holland and meryl nass and robert f kennedy jr and brett weinstein and chris martinson and alexandros marinos and matt crawford and all the rest of them on that screen
Jessica Rose, Nick Hudson, Jessica Hockett, Jonathan Engler, like it or not, all of these people have been paid and compensated in order to meddle with me and my family and very few other people.
And so this show is never going away.
This job is never gonna be done.
And if I have to work at Chick-fil-A drive-thru, this job is never done.
I assure you, I'm not going away.
Can't make an argument that some people are so vulnerable that they need them because it isn't obvious that these shots make anybody better off.
It looks like they make everybody worse off.
So people are antsy.
They want them pulled from the market.
And any time somebody like Kennedy makes an announcement and says, no longer going to be recommending them for healthy people.
I think it's better if I pause here and start the Jay Bhattacharya stream tomorrow.
We actually have this stream to do where Jay Bhattacharya has been on the, I didn't change the, he's been on this podcast with this guy who's, you know, uncommon knowledge.
And it's a very intriguing look into the outward public image that
Jay Bhattacharya is supposed to play and how scripted it is He only had two suits.
His favorite thing to wear was a Stanford hoodie.
And so he's really just a down-to-earth normal guy He didn't even have enough suits to move to DC so this is a really incredible interview with a guy who claimed to be my friend for a couple years and
And I don't want to do that one now because we just don't have enough time.
But this is all about a spectacular commitment to lies.
This RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
And as long as Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Robert Malone and Meryl Ness and Mary Holland never questioned the existence of the RNA that you can PCR test for it.
You can sequence it and you can recapitulate disease with a clone of it.
Then the spectacular commitment to lies is 100% solid.
because this is part of the human genome project they've paid people all around the internet probably with pharma money but also with defense money with also with with weaponized piles of money like like banks and everything else that are involved in inverting our sovereignty making sure that we never understand the fundamentals of our biology imagine
that we're not making any rank order, you know, exposure to toxin by occasional injection, exposure to a toxin by occasional inhalation, exposure to a toxin by occasional application, or an exposure of toxin by occasional ingestion, and then ranking them in order of, you know,
amount we're exposed to, the number of exposures, and then ranking them in terms of danger, because if we did that, then above all of those things at the top would be injection of substances.
as fundamentally the most dangerous way to be exposed to anything.
In fact, something that is relatively harmless, like, I don't know, a Philly cheesesteak, if it was ground up into a mulch or into a fine paste and applied to your skin, it might even moisturize.
If it was ground up into a fine paste and you ate it, it might not taste as good, but it wouldn't hurt you.
And if you inhaled it, you'd probably just choke it up.
But if you took that same emulsified Philly cheesesteak and injected some of it intramuscularly, there's no question what kind of shit would happen.
But of course, we're not gonna have that conversation because people like Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Pauly Tommy have been put in place for years already to make sure we don't have that conversation.
Brandy Vaughn was killed to make sure we don't have that conversation.
And now we have social media that can be programmed to make sure that we don't have that conversation, to make sure that nobody ever sees Jonathan Cooley in Gigoloan Biological.
No one ever sees Housatonic Live or even the Liberty Perspective.
And that's because this Bad Biology 101 evolution, because DNA is a national security priority, that is no joke.
It is the Human Genome Project in longer time horizon.
And once you see that the Human Genome Project was announced, finished,
was actually when it started.
And that was the first phase.
And then the second phase was developing the technology to sequence cheap.
And then the next phase was to develop the infrastructure to store it and the machine learning algorithms to throw at it.
And then the next phase was to bamboozle the American public into letting their kids be tested at colleges for two years straight because of a novel virus that never existed.
because of a biological phenomenon that doesn't exist.
Endemicity, the idea that something can go from a mud puddle to being everywhere and indefinitely forever is a myth that was seeded over many decades.
because they needed to see this narrative because that was the story they were gonna tell us.
That was the fear of a pandemic.
The worst case scenario, according to Garrett and to Malone and to all these other people from before the pandemic in a CNN documentary to the Brett Weinstein podcast in June of 2021, is that the worst case scenario would be any one of these viruses going endemic.
And that is a myth.
The only neat thing you need to understand about that myth is that if there was a background signal, or an irreducibly complex background signal, then misconstruing that
as something going to endemicity would be a joke.
It would be incredibly easy to do with nonspecific PCR tests.
And the way to see through it, of course, the way to knock people out is to say that RNA cannot pandemic.
And don't follow the advice of Sukrit Bhakti and stop talking about it because it's a settled thing.
Start teaching it.
because it's the most important thing that anybody can learn.
Because if you're finding their ghosts using their tests and their ghosts aren't real and you are not a ghostbuster.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'm going to see you again tomorrow.
The slides are already done because we're just going to watch Jay Bhattacharya.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks for sticking it out.
Like I said, this isn't going to go away.
We're good to teaching Biology 101.
I'm just going to have it all written and ready to go and not on Substack for them to steal or to dissect and to obfuscate.
But I'm just going to release it on PDF via Sendowl to all of my subscribers and then they can send it to whoever they want to.
And I think it'll be so valuable that people will donate money.
That's what I believe because it's not my truth.
It's our truth It's our grandchildren's truth.
And so why should I?
Publish it with somebody and make a lot of money.
Why shouldn't I just give it out for free, right?
a lot of this stuff like a virology course could be given out for free and
A basic biology course can be given out for free.
And the videos of it, maybe we can make a subscriber service of it.
But the PDFs, the text, why couldn't it be given out for free?
And if you like it with the links in the bottom, you know, to, if you like this, please support here.
Just like they do with open source software.
It's gotta work because this is the truth.
And the truth can't be stopped.
And the truth ain't mine.
The truth belongs to all of us.
I'm just a messenger.
Thanks for being here.
See you again soon.
From everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate the disease.